I am feeling hungry so I would like to find a place to eat.
Do you have a specific which you want the eating place to be located at?
I would like for it to be in San Jose.
Is there a specific cuisine type you enjoy, such as Mexican, Italian or something else?
I usually like eating the American type of food.
I see that at 71 Saint Peter there is a good restaurant which is in San Jose.
Can you give me the address of this restaurant.
If you want to go to this restaurant you can find it at 71 North San Pedro Street.
Can you give me the phone number that I can contact them with?
If you want to phone them you can at 408-971-8523.
Is there some other restaurant which you can suggest?
How would you like Bazille restaurant which is situated in San Jose.
Do you have another restaurant matching my needs? For example a restaurant which is economical and is located in Palo Alto.
I see that 7 restaurants suit to what you requested. Bird Dog seems as a good restaurant and is located in Palo Alto.
Alright, that seems good. I would like to make a booking at this restaurant.
For which time do you want the booking to be?
I will be eating there at 11:30 am so make it for then.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 2 at 11:30 am at the Bird Dog restaurant in Palo Alto for today.
That suits me well. Can you tell me if they feature live music?
Your booking has been made without errors, but unfortunately they do not have live music.
Will I be able to find liquor there? Can you give me the address of their location?
The restaurant is located at 420 Ramona Street. Unfortunately they do not serve alcohol at the restaurant.
I appreciate it very much. That would be all.
Have a good time!
Hi i need a help, i am very hungry, I am looking for a restaurant
Sure, I will help you, What type of food are you looking for? Which city should i search in?
Some Punjabi kind of foods in milpitas
I found a good restaurant in Milpitas, The restaurant name is Anjappar Chettinad Restaurant
Ok, What is the address? How pricey are they?
Price range is moderate, The address is Milpitas Square
Ok, Find me another restaurant?
I found another restaurant for you, Aria Dining & Banquets Fine Indian Cuisine Restaurant at Milpitas
No, suggest me another Restaurant, Some Take-out type of food will be perfect
I found 2 Restaurants, Olive garden Italian Restaurant at Milpitas
Yes, it seems good for me
shall i reserve a table here for you?
Yes, I want it on the 11th
please tell me what time is the reservation for?
at afternoon 1:30
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant at Milpitas on March 11th reservation time is 1:30 pm, The reservation is for 2 people
No, time change to twelve in the afternoon for one people
Please confirm the following details: the reservation time is 12 pm, The reservation is for 1 people
Yes
Congrats, your reservation is confirmed
What is the Restaurant address, Do they have live music, I love it
Sorry, They don't have live music, The restaurant address is 1350 Great Mall Drive
Thank you very much for your help
Shall i help you with anything else?
No, Thanks
You are welcome, have a great day
Help me find a good restaurant.
In which city are you looking for the restaurant and do you have any preferred cuisine?
Find me Ethiopian cuisine in Berkeley.
Of the 4 Ethiopian restaurants in Berkeley, Addis Restaurant is a good one.
Do they have live music?
I'm sorry. They do not have live music.
That's okay. I'd like to reserve a table for the 4th.
At what time will you be arriving at the restaurant?
Reserve the table for the 2nd of this month at 17:15.
Please confirm that you want to reserve a table for 2 at the Addis Restaurant in Berkeley for tomorrow at 5:15 pm.
That's right. Do they serve alcohol? And how expensive is the place?
Sorry the reservation was not successful. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you check if a table is available at 17:30?
Okay.Please confirm that you want to reserve a table for 2 at the Addis Restaurant in Berkeley for tomorrow at 5:30 pm.
That's correct.
Your table has been reserved.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to eat.
Which city should I search in? What kind of food are you looking for?
Some Freshwater fish kind of food in Palo Alto would be perfect.
I found 4 restaurants. Odori Japanese Cuisine is a nice restaurant in Palo Alto.
Could you suggest any other restaurant?
P.f. Chang's is another nice restaurant in Palo Alto.
Yes, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table here?
Yes, I want to make a reservation for one. Make it at half past 6 in the evening.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 1 at P.f. Chang's at 6:30 pm today in Palo Alto.
Yes, that works for me. How pricey are they? What is their contact number?
Your reservation is successful. Their price range is moderate and their phone number is 650-330-1782.
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you very much.
Have a good day.
I'd like to find a place to eat.
Where should I look? What kind of food are you in the mood for? You can say things like Mexican, Italian or any other kind of food.
Lobster sounds great. Please search in San Mateo.
I have found 9 restaurants. Andes Cafe San Mateo is a great restaurant in San Mateo.
What's their phone number?
Their number is 650-581-1305.
Any other suggestions?
Fuji Sukiyaki is another great choice in San Mateo.
Do they have live music?
They do not.
Any other suggestions?
Golden Wok would be a great choice in San Mateo.
That would work great. I would like to make a reservation there at evening 5:30 on March 14th.
Please confirm the following: You want to eat at Golden Wok in San Mateo on March 14th starting at 5:30 pm. The reservation would be for 2 people.
Yes, that would be great. Do they serve liquor or have live music?
Your reservation was successful. They do not play live music or serve alcohol.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else today?
Nope, that'll be all. Thanks!
Have a great day!
I'm looking for a Filipino place to eat.
Which City are you looking at?
I want to eat in San Bruno
I have 3 restaurants, Cabalen is a nice one in San Bruno.
Any other suggestions?
What about Isla Restaurant in San Bruno?
How cheap is it and how much does it cost?
It is moderate pricing and they are at 448 San Mateo Avenue
Please can you make the reservation
What time for?
On the 12th at six pm
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 at Isla Restaurant in San Bruno. It is on March 12th at 6 pm.
That's good. Do they serve liquor and what is there number?
Reservation made.The number is 650-588-6078 and they do serve alcohol.
Thanks a lot
Have a great day.
Can you help find a place to eat?
What kind of food like Indian or Chinese?
I would like Freshwater fish.
Do you have a city?
The city is San Jose.
I have one in San Jose called Ariake.
Yes that is fine.
Would you like a reservation?
Yes make it for March 10th.
What time would you like?
Reserve for six in the evening.
Please confirm Ariake in San Jose for 6 pm on March 10th for 2.
Yes what is the address and do they have live music?
The address is 1008 Blossom Hill Road and they do not have live music but your reservation is confirmed.
Thank you for all.
Is there anything else I can do?
No, that is all.
Thanks and have a good day.
My friend and I are looking for a place to eat.
Please tell me what type of food you are looking for just say Mexican, Chinese or anything else. Also what city would you like me to search int.
My family and I are in San Jose and the perfect place would have pizza and pasta. We don't have a price preference.
San Jose has a restaurant called Al Castello Ristorante that is nice.
Is there any other restaurant that you can suggest?
There is also a nice restaurant called Angelo's Italian Restaurant in San Jose.
Can I please have the address and contact number?
408-227-5502 is their phone and it is located at 436 Blossom Hill Road.
Is there any other restaurant that you can suggest?
There is another nice restaurant called Antonella's Ristorante in San Jose.
That restaurant will work can you please make a reservation for 12:30.
I will be booking a table at Antonella's Ristorante in San Jose. The reservation will be set at 12:30 pm for today. And it is for 2 people is this correct.
Yes, thank you that is correct.
I have successful made your reservation.
Thank you so much for setting that up.
Is there anything else that I can help you with.
That is all thank you so much.
Have a good day thank you.
Can you find me something economical to eat in Pleasanton.
Are you looking for Italian, Indian or something else?
I would like some Italian food.
Found 5 restaurants for you out of which De La Torre's Trattoria seems a great from Pleasanton.
Can you provide the address and do they have live music?
No, they do not have live music and its address is 6025 West Las Positas Boulevard.
Any other recommendation?
Forno Vecchio also seems nice and its located n Pleasanton as well.
Can you provide more options?
Another good restaurant in Pleasanton in Gay 90's Pizza Co.
That sounds like a good choice for me.
Is there anything else?
Yes, make a reservation at the restaurant.
What time do you want me to make the reservation?
I'll reach there at 1:30 pm.
Please confirm that you want to make a reservation at Gay 90's Pizza Co. which is located in Pleasanton for 2 people. The reservation is for today at 1:30 pm.
No, change the time to 7 pm and for one person only.
Alright, please confirm that the reservation is at 7 pm for 1 person.
No, change it on next friday.
Sure. Please confirm that the date is now next Friday and for 1 person.
Yes. Sounds good.
Your reservation is booked.
What is the address of the restaurant and do the have live music?
The address is 288 Main Street and No, they don't have live music either.
Alright, Thank you.
Have a great day.
I am looking to eat somewhere
What city would you like to go? Do you want American or Italian?
I want some breakfast in Fairfield
I recommend Mimi's cafe in fairfield
Do they have live music with liquor
They do not have live music but they do have alcohol
ok that works
Do you want me to reserve a table for you
Yes, please make reservation for one people this evening 4:45
Please confirm your booking at mimi's cafe in Fairfield for 1 people today at 4:45 pm
thats correct. What is their phone number what how expensive are they
Sorry, they are fully booked. Shall i try to make reservation for 1 people today at 5 pm? The price range is Moderate at mimi's cafe and their phone number is 707-421-0835
yes thats fine
your seat is booked
thanks
anything else i can help you with?
no thats it
have a nice day
I'm starving! Can you help me find a restaurant that serves Breakfast in Fairfield?
There is 1 restaurant that meets your needs. Mimi's Cafe in Fairfield serves breakfast.
Is there a band playing there?
No, unfortunately, they don't offer live music.
That's okay. It will work anyway.
Do you wish to make a reservation?
Yes, I'll need to make a reservation for a table for 2.
What time will you be visiting?
Please make it for half past 5 in the evening.
You'd like a table for 2 today at Mimi's Cafe in Fairfield at 5:30 pm. Is this correct?
I'm sorry, I need to change that. I'd like it on the 9th and it will be for 3 people.
Let's review those changes. You'd like the reservation on March 9th for 3. Have I got it right?
I'm sorry. I need to make it on Monday next week at half past 12 in the afternoon.
You'd like your reservation for 3 next Monday at 12:30 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, I'm sorry for the confusion. Can you tell me their phone number please?
The phone number is 707-421-0835. Your reservation is confirmed.
Great! Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Can you help me find a place to eat at?
Which city are you looking in?
Cupertino, please.
What kind of food would you like? American, Indian, or something else?
Malaysian sounds good right now.
I've found 2 Malaysian restaurants in Cupertino. Merlion Restaurant & Bar is one.
What's the other one?
Rasa Sayang is also is Cupertino.
Does the restaurant have live music?
No, they do now.
Sounds fine to me. Can you help me make a reservation?
At what time?
A quarter past 5 in the evening, please.
So you'd like a reservation for 2 at 5:15 pm today, at Rasa Sayang in Cupertino?
No, I'd like it on March 13th.
So you'd like a reservation at 5:15 pm on March 13th?
No, I'd like it at half past 12 in the afternoon.
So you'd like a reservation at 12:30 pm on March 13th?
Yes, sounds good.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Does the restaurant serve alcohol?
No, the restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Thank you, that's all I need.
Have a nice day.
Hello, could you help me search for a place to dine in?
Sure thing, which area are you interested in and what is your preferred cuisine, such as Italian and Indian?
I would prefer a restaurant which serves up Cambodian food in SF.
I have managed to find a nice restaurant called Anh Hong which is located in San Francisco.
Are there any alternative restaurants?
Yes there is, Aux Delices is also a nice restaurant located in San Francisco.
Sure, that sounds great!
What time would you like dine in at the restaurant? I would prefer to dine in at 19:15.
